docs: document how to deploy a custom pipeline with Kubernetes and Helm (#2978)
loculus-project/loculus: docs/src/content/docs/for-administrators/build-new-preprocessing-pipeline.md

## Preprocessing pipeline specification

The [preprocessing pipeline specification](https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/blob/main/preprocessing/specification.md) describes the interface between a pipeline and the [Loculus backend server](../introduction/glossary.md#backend).

## Deployment with Kubernetes and Helm

If you use [Kubernetes and Helm to deploy Loculus](../setup-with-kubernetes/) and have a Docker image of your pipeline, you can configure it to be used in the `preprocessing` field ([reference](http://localhost:4321/reference/helm-chart-config/#organism-type)). In that field, you have to specify the `version` of the pipeline and the `image` name. Additionally, you can provide a list of `args` and values for the `configFile`.

The pipeline will be started with the following arguments

```
{ values from the args field }
--backend-host={ backend host }/{ organism }
--keycloak-host={ Keycloak host }
--pipeline-version={ pipeline version }
--keycloak-password={ Keycloak password }
```

> Further, if `configFile` is set, the following argument will add as the last argument
> 
> ```
> --config=/etc/config/preprocessing-config.yaml
> ```
> 
> See [here](https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/blob/c723c562ed2ca4a0252b3899fd375dab9a652c5a/kubernetes/loculus/templates/loculus-preprocessing-deployment.yaml#L43) for the corresponding Helm template code.
> 
> If `configFile` is set, the `preprocessing-config.yaml` will be created and mounted into container. See [this template](https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/blob/c723c562ed2ca4a0252b3899fd375dab9a652c5a/kubernetes/loculus/templates/loculus-preprocessing-config.yaml#L12) to see how the content of the file will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `configFile` is set, the `preprocessing-config.yaml` will be created, mounted onto the container and added as an argument. [This template](https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/blob/c723c562ed2ca4a0252b3899fd375dab9a652c5a/kubernetes/loculus/templates/loculus-preprocessing-config.yaml#L12) specifies how the content of the file will be generated.

The config is then added as an argument using

/```
 --config=/etc/config/preprocessing-config.yaml
/```

For further information on how arguments are passed you can view the [Helm template code](https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/blob/c723c562ed2ca4a0252b3899fd375dab9a652c5a/kubernetes/loculus/templates/loculus-preprocessing-deployment.yaml#L43) where this is defined. 
```

Author: Sounds good, thanks!
